Feat/125 extend assets target path (#126)
inpsyde/reusable-workflows: docs/build-and-push-assets.md

| `COMPILE_SCRIPT_PROD` | `'build'`                     | Script added to `npm run` or `yarn` to build production assets                                                                  |
| `COMPILE_SCRIPT_DEV`  | `'build:dev'`                 | Script added to `npm run` or `yarn` to build development assets                                                                 |
| `MODE`                | `''`                          | Mode for compiling assets (`prod` or `dev`)                                                                                     |

> | `ASSETS_TARGET_PATHS` | `'./assets'`                  | Target directory path(s) for compiled assets                                                                                    |
> | `ASSETS_TARGET_FILES` | `''`                          | Target file path(s) for compiled assets                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ASSETS_TARGET_PATHS` | `'./assets'`                  | Space-separated list of target directory paths for compiled assets                                                              |
| `ASSETS_TARGET_FILES` | `''`                          | Space-separated list of target file paths for compiled assets                                                                   |
```

      MODE: ${{ github.ref_type == 'branch' && github.ref_name == 'production' && 'prod' || '' }}
```

> > Can I have multiple output folders for my package?, and what about files?

Reviewer: `?,` seriously? 🤪
```suggestion
> Can I have multiple output folders for my package? What about files?
```

> Yes, 
> - The `inputs.ASSETS_TARGET_PATHS` accepts multiple space-separated paths for **directories**
> - The `inputs.ASSETS_TARGET_FILES` accepts multiple space-separated paths for **files**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, `inputs.ASSETS_TARGET_PATHS` and `inputs.ASSETS_TARGET_FILES` accept multiple space-separated paths for directories and files, respectively.
```
